industry voice the hypermarket speech of a
code want to run away from the coves of this
world take shelter from these tons
of lies
far from wanting to change everything
men their future they do not want
share fixing the sky I'm looking for
responses close his wounds before
that she's gnawing at me finally leaving here without
no regrets make my bags live
it was curled 7
rest that hate to anchor shoulders and
can do in love friendship
far from the storm that announce their
anger of false testimony that leads you
in hell far away from the wars of the
blood deaths verses that
feed our babies that bitter taste we
guard deep inside and all these fears
which is not necessary to the three years that I
play and wear
god advance
that I leave month
I move on he would do it again
I choke people a little more each day the
sadness takes over feet and
bound fists without any margin of
maneuver
and each of them weighs on the back of mahler
my fear of not being up to
montrabe I drool there is nothing to wear
I need a space to block me
under the sun no luggage just leave
wing pull she represents who me
hold
but I'm so scared that she refuses
to flee too much dref that I ranked
no action out of the question he dictates
my life if we are the children of
their locks it's up to us to
put an end to terror then some
weapons for a better world
take the servers where I work
everything I find
Let's go
you say I'm leaving
I advance
the unique games on time that me
stay alive and hide my
weaknesses i walk without turning around
the bases on which I have
blocked away from the breeze that caresses my
face away from my west man island and
its beaches above the clouds
I took off the past face the
future is revealed
it's the wind at the end of the world
After all, I only dream of
change all this time spent here at
meditating taught me how to cash but
never to avoid leached
I bend no time for luggage
regret I want to turn the page but
as said the wise him who all
media travel starts not a single
not this traffic that I leave
god advance
I advance
I do not move
I'm leaving
you want to redo
only beautiful sheets
dmy
I'm going for
he would do it again